## Being a President's Gold Scholar

I’ve always been a high achiever when it comes to academics, both in high school and now in university. I realized I qualified for this scholar status when I received my letter of acceptance for Laurier, they included a short line in the letter that informed me. I completed my Grade 12 year classes with an average of my top 6 classes that exceeded 95%, and therefore I would receive this scholar status and a $4000 scholarship in my first year. If I meet the renewal requirements in upper years, I will also continue to receive the scholarship until I graduate. The scholarship really helps to offset the cost of living plus tuition. I am really thankful that I do not need to stress about my finances and work a part-time job while I am studying. It helps to keep me accountable and motivated in my studies, as I know of the consequences in my learning and financially, and therefore want to keep up its renewal.

My favourite memory was when I opened my letter of acceptance (for Laurier and the scholarship) surrounded by my high school friends. They were all very encouraging and supportive of my achievement and reiterated that they “told me so”, that I’d get accepted (I had been stressing that I would not be accepted to the UX program because there were only 40 class seats and I would be considered later on since I was a mature/out-of-province applicant). 

I don’t enjoy the fact that I am constantly hypervigilant about my grades and achievement in my classes. The requirements to renew my status as a President’s Gold Scholar are strict as my GPA cannot drop below a 10.5. I must always be taking a full course load during the Fall and Winter terms, and if not, I have to take Spring classes in order to total 5 credits.

Overall, I’d give this experience a B letter grade, closer to a B+ if that is possible with this experience letter “grading” model. Sometimes the stress to keep up my grades negatively affects my mental health, but that is the only downside that I see.