# Saving the Yearbook Council

In my senior year of high school, I co-revived the yearbook council with two of my friends. The incoming student-president and organizer of the 2020-2021 yearbook council backed out and did not find a replacement, nor inform the school about that fact. In late 2020, when word spread that a yearbook wouldn’t be published, my friends and I stepped forward and took the initiative. None of us had prior experience on the yearbook council, nor with any student publications but we wanted to push forward. The yearbook would be a record of my high school experience, not just for myself but also the other graduating students who would miss out on other typical senior-year experiences like prom and our graduation ceremony–because of COVID-19 public health restrictions. With only 5 months and a small classroom-sized group of high schoolers, we put it together into a record-breaking year book! It was the first ever free and digitally available yearbook to students at my high school. We later learned that it also had the longest page count for a yearbook in the high school’s history.
 
My favourite memory was being able to prove the Principal wrong, regarding our yearbook efforts. We were actually reassured that it was ok and understood that a yearbook wouldn’t be feasible; there was no available funding for the yearbook and no teachers indicated their desire to supervise the council. Of course, we came through with a yearbook in the end; thanks to a great team of dedicated students, an amazing art teacher who volunteered her time to supervise and support our council meetings, and all of that without the need for a budget. 

However, I did not enjoy having to deal with the bureaucracy of being Co-president of a school council. For example, there were times we felt undermined because we were ‘just students’; we couldn’t run club meetings without our teacher supervisor present, and every new section of the yearbook had to go through the checks and balances with the school’s admin. Time was of the essence and could never stick to our planned schedule since the approvals and verifications slowed our creative process and ultimately put us in a constant time-crunch. 

Overall, I’d give my experience of leading my high school’s yearbook council a letter grade of B. 
But I do recognize that I could have also been dumpster fire levels worse.
